@-1      -1      2       1       HI HELLO GREETINGS HYA HIYA SALUTATIONS WELCOME
@-1   20000      2       2       BYE GOOD-BYE GOODBYE OVER OUT 10-4
@9       -1      1       5       VOID DWELLERS
@1      500      3       6       D'PAHK WORMS
@0       -1      3       7       SENGZHAC BUGS BUGGERS
@8       -1      1       8       GUILD TRADERS
@40      -1      1       9       PHAEDOR MOCH PUPPET MASTERS
@3       -1      1       10      ERMIGEN
@5       -1      1       11      QUAI PA'LOI PAI ALOI Q'OOUL
@7       -1      1       14      ICON
@4       -1      1       15      TITARIAN
@15      -1      1       16      YLINTHLIXYMN YLINTH
@6       -1      3       17      SCAVENGERS SCAVENGER ASSEMBLER ASSEMBLERS SCAVS
@2       -1      3       18      AARD
@-1      -1      1       23      TROJAN GATE GATES
@-1      -1      1       24      MONKS MONK
@-1      -1      1       25      HOMEWORLD
@-1      -1      1       26      SELL BUY TRADE
@-1      -1      1       27      HALLIFAX MANEUVER
@-1      -1      1       28      NOVA
@-1      -1      3       29      SHUNT
@-1      -1      3       30      PHASE
@-1      -1      1       31      GOD'S EYE GODS
-1      -1      1       32      IRONSEED
@18      -1      1       33      THERMOPLAST
-1      -1      1       36      LAIRD LEIGE LORD
-1      -1      1       37      ALBATROSS @BIRD
-1      -1      3       38      PURGATION @TRIAL TRIALS RESISTANCE MOVEMENT
-1      -1      1       39      MARTYRS @MARTYR @SYMPATHIZER SYMPATHIZERS
-1      -1      1       40      SYMBOL BIRTH
-1      -1      3       41      SYNTHS @SYNTH @CONSTRUCT CONSTRUCTS
-1      -1      1       42      DROP COLONY LEGEND
-1      -1      3       43      EXODUS OLD WORLD THIRD PLANET THIRD WORLD
@-1      -1      1       44      EARTH
@-1      -1      1       45      JOB ENGINEERING ENGINEER PURPOSE
-1      -1      1       46      NAME
-1      -1      1       47      TRAVEL SHIP PERSONALITY ENCODE @RECODE
-1      -1      1       47      JAILED CODE FLESH
-1      -1      3       48      @CR-70 MANDRIX MILITIAL EXPLORER
-1      -1      3       49      TEMPLE MEMORY CORE JACK-CRACK
-1      -1      1       50      TITLE
-1      -1      1       51      WRATH
-1      -1      1       52      ALMIGHTY GOD
-1      -1      1       53      MARS
-1      -1      1       54      ALIEN
-1      -1      1       55      TRIED JAILED
-1      -1      1       56      SOUL SOULS
-1      -1      3       57      @STORAGE STORED
@-1      -1      1       58      PRIME
-1      -1      3       59      @INCIDENTS @INCIDENT
-1      -1      1       60      TTEK PRIESTS TTEK @PRIEST @CLERGY
-1	-1	1	61	FAITH
-1      -1      3       62      BLASPHEMY
-1      -1      1       63      @PRAYER PRAY
@-1      -1      1       64      HOME
-500
1       Greetings, my Laird. What would you like to discuss?
1       Hello, Laird. What is your concern?
1       Laird, is their something you would like to ask me about?
1       My Leige?
2       Glad to help you.
2       Peace go with you.
2       Good bye, my ^Laird^.
2       Until we speak again.
2       May you go with the ^albatross^.
5       By the flesh! These creatures have no skin. Spread out over countless units of space, at their slow rate of interbody communication they must have been evolving since the beginning of time to have reached the point they are at now.
6       Foreign ship designs... That was the first thing that occurred to me after scanning their ships. Surely, they would have alien appearances, but they should have recognizable functions.
6       Better than half of their ship's mass has unaccountable functions.
7       Strange. the sengzhac have showed unwarranted aggression. I know it sounds obvious; I am aware that their attacks have been unprovoked. I mean to say that their aggression makes no sense situationally.
7       From all i can tell, their ships aren't built for war. I don't have any hypotheses for this discrepancy. When I have more to go on I'll get back to you.
8       I believe these creatures to have been totally straight forward. It's comforting to know that at least one race is truly benevolent.
9       There are some very odd things going on inside the massive hulks of the moch ships. They experience periodic power fluctuations six orders of magnitude greater than the retrocapacitive values in our own power core.
10      I find ermigen paranoia amusing. I would love to know what socioevolutionary beating they took to get this this bent out of shape over privacy and conspiracy theory.
11      I haven't read the Quai Pa'loi cypher key, but i've talked to the rest of the crew to know they worship the number four... Do we know why?
14      Laird, I regret that I haven't had a chance to review the cypher key entries on the Icon.
15      Eloquently designed. The Titerians have used a very interesting brand of cyberdization and self-affective evolution to produce the creatures we saw. I'll be forever going over their cypher key... Some very interesting stuff there.
16      The cypher key entries on the Ylinth vaguely refer to the design of the dead race's ship designs... It's given me some ideas. If ever you can spare enough torque stanchions and mulroids I have an idea for a device.
17      A race to be envied. Despite their seemingly aggressive nature the scavengers are in no way evil. They only seek to perpetuate and perfect themselves.
17      Simply because their methods of propagation are questionable is no reason to think their motives are less than noble. 
18      They utilize a technology similar to the ermigen shield. The technique of masking pod placing would suggest that the two races had common technoevolutionary backgrounds. This possibility has great significance...
18      I will explore the idea and if anything comes of it i'll let you know.
23      The result of shunt theory... I've heard of such things but i'd never really explored the application of the science. The theories behind it are too shaky to support the sacrifice in resources necessary for research.
24      The cypher key references mention something about them being the keepers of the sacred chao... And the guardians of the pastel cube?
25      Flesh. I bend my knee and pray for the day when I might wear my flesh, my cloak of skin.
26      All my thoughts are yours and the only thing I wish for myself is flesh, which neither of us has.
27      I do not pretend to understand everything.  I certainly don't pretend to comprehend the ridiculousness of the hallifax maneuver.
28      The nova is the seed from which all complex life is spawned. All natural elements heavier than iron are created from the great force of the exploding star.
29      There is a branch of quantum dendritics that deals with transporting matter from one point in space-time to another instantaneously. Originally this was a topic for fools and dreamers, but evidence from recent experiments and observations
29      would have us believe otherwise. Some even believe that the construction of devices to initiate this type of travel is possible, devices called shunt drives.
30      phase? A psychic force drive which utilizes psioptic nullity to achieve instantaneous travel... Hehehe... I got the same line of jargon from psychometry. You might want to ask them about it if you haven't already.
30      @1 can actually explain it to you.
31      The D'pahk have a vested interest in the God's Eye. They are an empire and we are but one ship. You would think they could find more reliable means of investigating this stellar anomaly.
31      But then again, we are a single ship... That maneuverability may be what they were interested in... Hmmm...
32      That is the title of our great vessel.
33      Amazing stuff. It utilizes a highly advanced kinetic dispersion field which reduces the heat absorption rate almost to zero. The premises are so simple it's a wonder i didn't think of it first.
36      That is your title, my Lord.
37      The blue ^albatross^ is the ^symbol^ of ^birth^. The ^martyrs^ of the purgation ^Trials^ took on the symbol as their own. As a result the members of the ironseed movement continued and uplifted its use. It is now a holy symbol.      
38      During the previous century ^synths^ and ^constructs^ finally replaced humans beings as the work force. The ruling class treated the synths like slaves and rationalized such cruel behavior by saying that the synths had no souls.
38      In order to eliminate opposition to this obviously despotic view the ruling class staged a series of "incidents" which ruined the position of the synth-sympathizers. They were branded as dangerous and subsequently tried and jailed en mass. 
39      These were the brave ^souls^ who had all of their personality code erased scrambled or recompiled.
40      ^Legend^ has it that the first ^drop colony^ ship was called the albatross. Life, the spirit, it comes from water. Since both the albatross and water were life bringers the two were eventually made synonymous in theological terms. 
41      Synth is a contraction of the term synthetic, more appropriately, synthetic organism. Constructs, as they are also called, were originally created by the ^Ttek^ priests for mindless tasks.
41      Gradually as they were used for more complex tasks they were designed with more and more sophisticated personalities. Eventually they were capable of self awareness and the inevitable question was asked, "Are they alive?"
41      The ruling class suppressed such politically damaging questions with their answer, on the basis that nothing man-made can be infused with life. Constructs had no souls.
42      Drop ships were the colony ships that were used during the ^exodus^ when the ^old world^ passed away. They took us from the rotting bosom of the ^third planet^ and flew us on the wings of the albatross to the red world, Mars.   
43      Almost two thousand years ago humankind was judged. The righteous were taken on the wings of the ^albatross^ to the red world. The third world is now a dead stone in space, lifeless. We speak of it only in hushed tones. 
43      Its name is the name of iniquity, to speak it is to speak blasphemy.
44      Hold your tongue! Such things are forbidden. That is the name of iniquity. Do not speak it again unless you wish to incur the ^wrath^ of the ^almighty^.
45      It is my assigned duty to fulfill all functions associated with the organization and maintenance of ship engineering.
46      You already know my name... I am @2.
47      We are currently traveling in a ^CR-70 Mandrix Militial Explorer^, the Ironseed. In order to conserve mass our ^flesh^ was eliminated and our personalities were stored in a Josephson-Locke Holographic Psychocontainment System... encoded.
48      The CR-X series were the most advanced exploratory vessels ever designed. Surely you remember the Pax Sanctus, the decree which disallowed travel from the homeworld.
48      Religious fanatics...
48	Fortunately the ships were already designed and built before the Pax. The resistance had only to ^jack-crack^ the Ttek ^temple memory core^.
49      The greatest challenge was breaking through the outer most layer of temple security code. They were using glyptic morph cypher keys... Ingenious... Spent years trying to crack the code.
49      But once we found that the glyphs were related to the phases of the moon it was only a matter of linking in the phases.
50      You were chosen to lead us. You are our Laird, our Lord. I trust your integrity and invest in you all my abilities. Do not fail me.
51      Our god is a vengeful one. Do not try the patience of the soul giver!
52      Sometimes I think psychometry fancies @1 as the almighty, what with all that psycho babble.
53      We were born on the red soil of Mars. Soil that we will never again see.
54      Alien... To be foreign... Foreign in either body or mind. So to learn must we not at be alien? To enter foreign lands... Of thought. Thus we have all been alien... If not to others, at least to ourselves.
55      The only alternative that the ^Ttek^ archbishops believed they had when faced with the Ironseed movement was to eliminate it completely. This meant trying and jailing thousands.
56      I believe all entities that are self aware possess some intangible something which sets them apart. I know the ^Ttek^ teachings but since I was encoded and lost my ^flesh^ I have begun questioning what they told us.
57      The whole of our memories and experiences were converted to raw data and transferred into the active ego matrix of a holographic personality containment system.
57      Ttek teachings tell us that this only simulates the living creature until the memories can be returned to the flesh.
57      While I prefer and look forward to returning to the flesh I have obvious reason to believe that we are truly alive, complete with souls.
58      The one selected to lead us, the Laird, is encode prime. That is you.
59      I know several who were tried unjustly... Including myself. I don't like talking of such things.
59      Suffice to say that in order for suspected sympathizers to be jailed quickly, swept as swiftly from the public eye as possible, we were charged of heinous crimes of which we were not guilty.
60      I once thought Ttek to be beyond reproach. I want to believe what it was that they told us... but... surely the ^Purgation Trials^ were the result of _old men paranoid with age... afraid to adjust? I pray continually about such things.
61      I would rather you asked @1 such questions. I myself have yet to come to terms with my own beliefs.
62      To speak the name of the third world is one of the cardinal sins. Ttek teachings forbid such things. I myself do not endorse such things, but am willing to over look it.
62      @1 would cut your tongue out, if you had one, for speaking such things.
63      I found prayer comforting when I was young. My prayers are empty now. I think perhaps it is because I have not been true to the faith... with all of my questions. It is so hard.
64      We have no home, my Laird. Cast like stones into the ocean... An ocean of stars.
-500

@-1	-1	3	-1	ANOMALIES ANOMALY
-1	Anomalies are found from _planet scans. We should collect as many anomalies as we can find. Anomalies can be retrieve through _planet scans or alteratively from bot control on my face of the command cube.
-1	If we collect any "unknown components" or "unknown materials" I can sort them and determine their actual function. To do this go to the creation screen from my face of the command cube, select decompose and then select the unknowns.

@-1	-1	3	-1	MINEBOT MINEBOTS MINE-BOTS MINE-BOT
-1	Minebots placed on a suitable _planet will extract useful elements and compounds. The amount stuff they will cache is limited due to the practical concerns of protecting extracted material from the elements and remaining hidden from prying eyes.
-1	To place a minebot first perform a complete scan of the _planet. Without this what the minebot will actually produce is unknown. From my face of the command cube press bot control then press the bot _icon from the bot control display.
-1	If you have them, you will be given a choice of sending down a minebot or a manufactory. If scans were completed you will see a breakdown chance of finding each substance. Once you choosen which bot to send press the bot _icon to deploy it.
-1	To retrieve the bot press the bot _icon again.

@-1	-1	3	-1	MANUFACTORY MANUFACTORIES
-1	Manufactories operate in a similar manner to minebots. However they are capable of mining at a higher rate and are able to synthesize the extracted elements and componds into materials.
-1	The synthesis feature is also their weakness. Unless they are able to find a mix of compounds that can be combined into a useful material they won't produce anything worthwhile.

@12      -1      1       93      HELP ADVICE
93	We need to explore this region of the galaxy.
@11      -1      1       92      HELP ADVICE
92	We should travel to the nearby star that we found marked in the data bouy we found from the wreckage.
@11	 -1	 1	 91	 WRECK WRECKAGE WRECKED
91	The wreck we found was mostly destroyed by the impact with the _planet but it does bare marks of being attacked.
@10	 -1	 3	 90	 WRECK WRECKAGE WRECKED
@10      -1      1       90      HELP ADVICE
90	We need to send probes to investigate the wreckage. Talk to @3 for more details.
@-1      -1      1       3       HELP ADVICE
3       We all feel helpless at times.
@-1	-1	1	-1	RESEARCH RESEARCHING
-1	Research is vital for learning how to build equipment for our ship and our would be colony.

@18	-1	3	-1	SUNDIVER SUNPROBE STARDIVER STARPROBE
-1	Heavily plating a convential probe in thermoplast opens up possibility to send probes to the surface _of a star for detailed analysis. It's even possible to send a probe beneath the surface for a limited time.
@-1	-1	3	-1	SUNDIVER SUNPROBE STARDIVER STARPROBE
-1	Being able to probe the surface and depths _of star is interesting from a science point _of view, but it's not something feasible with the resources _of the Ironseed.

@18	-1	3	-1	SUNMINER STARMINER
-1	The discovery _of thermoplast has opened up this idea. _Of course were not literally mining a star, as they're mostly helium and hydrogen with rapidly diminishing quanities _of more advance elements.
-1	What a starminer would do is harness the intense pressures, heat and energy output _of a star to synthesize advance elements.
@-1	-1	3	-1	SUNMINER STARMINER
-1	Literally mining a star is a silly notion, as they're mostly helium and hydrogen with rapidly diminishing quanities _of more advance elements.
-1	However, there is some merit in the idea _of using the intense pressures, heat and energy output _of a star to synthesize advance elements.
-1	Of course you need to be able to make a lab that can withstand the surface _of a star.

